app/code/community/AW/Blog/                                       app/code/community/AW/Blog/
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/aw_blog.xml           app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/aw_blog.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/aw_blog/            app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/aw_blog/
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/aw_blog.xml               app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/aw_blog.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/aw_blog/                app/design/frontend/base/default/template/aw_blog/
app/design/frontend/rwd/default/layout/aw_blog.xml                app/design/frontend/rwd/default/layout/aw_blog.xml
app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/aw_blog/                 app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/aw_blog/
app/etc/modules/AW_Blog.xml                                       app/etc/modules/AW_Blog.xml
app/locale/ar_SA/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/ar_SA/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/ar_SA/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/ar_SA/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/cs_CZ/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/cs_CZ/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/cs_CZ/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/de_DE/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/de_DE/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/de_DE/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/de_DE/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/en_GB/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/en_GB/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/en_GB/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/en_GB/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/en_US/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/en_US/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/en_US/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/en_US/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/fr_FR/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/fr_FR/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/fr_FR/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/nl_NL/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/nl_NL/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/nl_NL/AW_Blog.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html    app/locale/ru_RU/template/email/aw_blog/comment_submitted.html
app/locale/ru_RU/AW_Blog.csv                                      app/locale/ru_RU/AW_Blog.csv
lib/recaptcha/recaptchalib-aw.php                                 lib/recaptcha/recaptchalib-aw.php
skin/adminhtml/default/default/aw_blog/                           skin/adminhtml/default/default/aw_blog/
skin/frontend/base/default/aw_blog/                               skin/frontend/base/default/aw_blog/
skin/frontend/rwd/default/aw_blog/                                skin/frontend/rwd/default/aw_blog/
