app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Review.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Install.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sales.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Customer.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Cms.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Directory.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_SalesRule.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Wishlist.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Paypal.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Catalog.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Bundle.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Paygate.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sitemap.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rss.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Checkout.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Api.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Weee.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Dataflow.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Media.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Usa.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Tag.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Downloadable.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Eav.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Page.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Tax.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Poll.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Reports.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Core.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Payment.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Backup.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rating.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Contacts.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Shipping.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Newsletter.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Cron.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rule.csv    app/locale/ar_SA/Mage_Rule.csv